so hello to everybody
huge package
it was ordered alixpress only for some reason I
don't know they did thats exactly called
amazing 139 express courier
anonymous mail salmon called me with
Moscow say you have a package from the site
Respect, I did not understand something
here respect moscow city moscow and all
Said courier delivery current
dish
went out well and then on the track I realized that
we ordered the armrests
armrest for kerio
Here is a huge package there are two
kilogram and everything here is nothing even
Mila in the know who brought her what is this
sending then only long ago
on plastic so here is dirty
my voice is such a huge package
honestly, I did not understand at first that when I
have called
but then on the track I realized that this was it
Koval and as you can see what is the Chinese
send east
quickly thousands of rubles it costs and they still
for such a splash of money its me for
delivery did not have enough
delivery
or here parcels
so we have a private here not
sorting out the ones I ordered
then probably stand mount along the way
inserted here i am shorter
here he moves
the author also opens here
double-sided tape screws screws
here we are dragged about why here
so cool thing such here for the glass
the place is moving he still has to
this thing should come up
to rise
shorter then
fastens
as here so here it is probably rather
we get this
delayed so here is a
retracts do not know is not real leather
skin is comfortable for days too
open the link no more
thank you all for watching
Here is such an unexpected package to everyone
while subscribe to the channel